Wow rich people really enjoy it
Hey, Secretary Li
This dress suits you very well, Secretary Li
Why didn't you come with Mr. Wang today?
Does this look familiar?
Is this a security guard at your door?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Last time I went, I was not allowed to borrow it and asked me to register.
And I slapped him in the face.
Mr. Xu, you just came up
Many people don't know you yet
This doesn't seem to help Mr. Wang
I'm looking for a stinky security guard
No.
The boss of your company turned out to be a stinky security guard.
I said this party is a bit low-grade
Sure enough, all the grandma dogs are here
Zixuan, we are mainly here to do charity today.
And this is...
I already know it's a stinky security guard
No, I don't understand.
Why would you want to be with someone like that?
You lied to me about eating
Hey Mr. Zhang
Don't be scared and angry by this
I'll teach him a lesson for you.